Riva deployment guides with gke & aks (#148)
nvidia-riva/tutorials: deploy-gke.md

        * Change `service.type` from `LoadBalancer` to `ClusterIP`. This directly exposes the service only to other services within the cluster, such as the proxy service to be installed below.
        * Set `persistentVolumeClaim.usePVC` to `true` , `persistentVolumeClaim.storageClassName` to `standard` , `persistentVolumeClaim.storageAccessMode` to `ReadWriteOnce`, This will store models in Created Persistent Volume.

    
    2. **`templates/deployment.yaml`**

        * Add a node selector constraint to ensure that Riva is only deployed on the correct GPU resources. In `spec.template.spec`, add:
          
          ```yaml
          nodeSelector:
            cloud.google.com/gke-nodepool: gpu-linux-workers
          ```

3. If you see that gpu driver plugin is not Enabled by GCP, Then deploy it using below command:

    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/container-engine-accelerators/master/nvidia-driver-installer/cos/daemonset-preloaded.yaml
    ```

4. Verify gpu plugin installation with any of the following command:
    ```bash
    kubectl get pod -A | grep nvidia

>     

Author: yes will add.

    ```bash
    export pod=`kubectl get pods | cut -d " " -f 1 | grep riva-api`
    kubectl describe pod $pod

    kubectl logs -f $pod -c riva-model-init
    kubectl logs -f $pod -c riva-speech-api
    ```

## Deploying the Traefik edge router

Now that the Riva service is running, the cluster needs a mechanism to route requests into Riva.

In the default `values.yaml` of the `riva-api` Helm chart, `service.type` was set to `LoadBalancer`, which would have automatically created an Google Load Balancer to direct traffic into the Riva service. Instead, the open-source [Traefik](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/) edge router will serve this purpose.

1.  Download and untar the Traefik Helm chart.

    ```bash
    helm repo add traefik https://helm.traefik.io/traefik
    helm repo update
    helm fetch traefik/traefik
    tar -zxvf traefik-*.tgz
    ```

2.  Modify the `traefik/values.yaml` file.

    1. Change `service.type` from `LoadBalancer` to `ClusterIP`. This exposes the service on a cluster-internal IP.

    2. Set `nodeSelector` to `{  cloud.google.com/gke-nodepool: cpu-linux-lb }`. Similar to what you did for the Riva API service,

>     this tells the Traefik service to run on the `cpu-linux-lb` nodepool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    this tells the Traefik service to run on the `cpu-linux-lb` node pool.
```
